chore: new cilium blogs (#445)
cilium/cilium.io: src/posts/2024-02-01-cilium-1-15-isovalent/index.md

---
date: '2024-02-01T12:40:00.000Z'
title: 'Cilium 1.15 – Gateway API 1.0 Support, Cluster Mesh Scale Increase, Security Optimizations and more!'
ogImage: ogimage.webp
isPopular: true

> ogSummary: 'Cilium 1.15 has arrived with some new and exciting updates. Explore the new features shipped with this latest version'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ogSummary: 'Cilium 1.15 has arrived with Gateway API 1.0 Support, Cluster Mesh Scale Increase, Security Optimizations, and more'
```
